#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements_dev.txt requirements_dev.in
#
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage[toml]==6.3.2
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==36.0.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jwcrypto
datapunt-authorization-django==1.3.2
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
datapunt-config-loader==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-objectstore
datapunt-objectstore==2020.9.7
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
debtcollector==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework-xml
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jwcrypto
django==3.2.12
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-authorization-django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
django-cors-headers==3.11.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.4
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-filter==21.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
djangorestframework==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   drf-amsterdam
    #   drf-extensions
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-amsterdam
djangorestframework-gis==0.18
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-amsterdam
drf-amsterdam==0.4.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
drf-extensions==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-amsterdam
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
faker==13.3.0
    # via factory-boy
flake8==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-flake8
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
iso8601==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo.utils
isort==5.10.1
    # via pytest-isort
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreschema
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-config-loader
jwcrypto==1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-authorization-django
keystoneauth1==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   python-keystoneclient
markupsafe==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
msgpack==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo.serialization
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
netifaces==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo.utils
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   keystoneauth1
oslo.config==8.8.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo.i18n==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo.serialization==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo.utils==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   python-keystoneclient
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   oslo.utils
    #   pytest
pbr==5.8.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   debtcollector
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   os-service-types
    #   oslo.i18n
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   stevedore
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
psycopg2-binary==2.9.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo.utils
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==7.0.1
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-flake8
    #   pytest-isort
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-flake8==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-isort==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-objectstore
    #   faker
python-keystoneclient==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-objectstore
python-swiftclient==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-objectstore
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   oslo.utils
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-config-loader
    #   oslo.config
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   datapunt-authorization-django
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo.config
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo.config
ruamel.yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-yasg
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   ruamel.yaml
sentry-sdk==1.5.6
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo.config
    #   python-keystoneclient
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework-csv
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   debtcollector
    #   deprecated
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
zipp==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   importlib-resources
