#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
azure-appconfiguration==1.7.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-batch==14.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-cli==2.67.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-cli-core==2.67.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-cli-telemetry==1.1.0
    # via azure-cli-core
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-keyvault-administration
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-appconfiguration
    #   azure-mgmt-appcontainers
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-botservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-databoxedge
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-extendedlocation
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-imagebuilder
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-mysqlflexibleservers
    #   azure-mgmt-netapp
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-postgresqlflexibleservers
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-security
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters
    #   azure-mgmt-servicelinker
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-synapse
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   azure-synapse-accesscontrol
    #   azure-synapse-artifacts
    #   azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints
    #   azure-synapse-spark
azure-core==1.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-cosmos==3.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-data-tables==12.4.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-datalake-store==0.0.53
    # via azure-cli
azure-identity==1.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-keyvault==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-keyvault-certificates==4.9.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-keys==4.10.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-mgmt-advisor==9.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-apimanagement==4.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-appconfiguration==3.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-appcontainers==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-applicationinsights==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-authorization==4.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-batch==17.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-batchai==7.0.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-billing==6.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-botservice==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-cdn==12.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices==13.5.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-compute==33.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-containerinstance==10.2.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-containerregistry==10.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-containerservice==33.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-core==1.5.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-appconfiguration
    #   azure-mgmt-appcontainers
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-botservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-databoxedge
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-extendedlocation
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-imagebuilder
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-mysqlflexibleservers
    #   azure-mgmt-netapp
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-postgresqlflexibleservers
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-security
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters
    #   azure-mgmt-servicelinker
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-synapse
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-synapse-artifacts
azure-mgmt-cosmosdb==9.6.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-databoxedge==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-datalake-store==1.1.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-datamigration==10.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-devtestlabs==4.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-dns==8.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-eventgrid==10.2.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-eventhub==10.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-extendedlocation==1.0.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-hdinsight==9.0.0b3
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-imagebuilder==1.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-iotcentral==10.0.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-iothub==3.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices==1.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-keyvault==10.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-loganalytics==13.0.0b4
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-managementgroups==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-maps==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering==1.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-media==9.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-monitor==5.0.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-msi==7.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-mysqlflexibleservers==1.0.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-netapp==10.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-policyinsights==1.1.0b4
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-postgresqlflexibleservers==1.1.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-privatedns==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-rdbms==10.2.0b17
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-recoveryservices==3.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup==9.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift==1.5.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-redis==14.4.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-resource==23.1.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-search==9.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-security==6.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicebus==8.2.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicefabric==2.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters==2.0.0b6
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicelinker==1.2.0b3
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-signalr==2.0.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-sql==4.0.0b20
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine==1.0.0b5
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-storage==21.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-synapse==2.1.0b5
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-trafficmanager==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-web==7.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-monitor-query==1.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-multiapi-storage==1.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-storage-blob==12.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-storage-common==1.4.2
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-accesscontrol==0.5.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-artifacts==0.19.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints==0.4.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-spark==0.2.0
    # via azure-cli
bcrypt==4.2.1
    # via paramiko
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via azure-cli
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   jwcrypto
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
datapunt-authorization-django==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
datapunt-config-loader==1.1.2
    # via datapunt-objectstore
datapunt-objectstore==2020.9.7
    # via -r requirements.in
debtcollector==3.0.0
    # via
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via djangorestframework-xml
deprecated==1.2.15
    # via
    #   fabric
    #   pygithub
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-cli-core
django==5.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datapunt-authorization-django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   opencensus-ext-django
django-cors-headers==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==4.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==24.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-gis
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   drf-amsterdam
    #   drf-extensions
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-csv==3.0.2
    # via drf-amsterdam
djangorestframework-gis==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via drf-amsterdam
drf-amsterdam==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-extensions==0.7.1
    # via drf-amsterdam
drf-yasg==1.21.8
    # via -r requirements.in
fabric==3.2.2
    # via azure-cli
google-api-core==2.23.0
    # via opencensus
google-auth==2.36.0
google-auth==2.36.0
    # via google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.66.0
googleapis-common-protos==1.66.0
    # via google-api-core
idna==3.10
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
iso8601==2.1.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo-utils
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-appconfiguration
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-imagebuilder
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-mysqlflexibleservers
    #   azure-mgmt-netapp
    #   azure-mgmt-postgresqlflexibleservers
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-security
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters
    #   azure-mgmt-servicelinker
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-monitor-query
    #   azure-storage-blob
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via datapunt-config-loader
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datapunt-authorization-django
keystoneauth1==5.9.1
keystoneauth1==5.9.1
    # via python-keystoneclient
msal==1.31.1
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via azure-identity
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via oslo-serialization
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   azure-data-tables
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-appcontainers
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-botservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-databoxedge
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-extendedlocation
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine
    #   azure-mgmt-synapse
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-synapse-accesscontrol
    #   azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints
    #   azure-synapse-spark
    #   msrestazure
msrestazure==0.6.4.post1
    # via
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
netaddr==1.3.0
    # via
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencensus==0.11.4
    # via
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-django
    #   opencensus-ext-logging
    #   opencensus-ext-postgresql
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via opencensus
opencensus-ext-azure==1.1.13
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus-ext-django==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus-ext-logging==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus-ext-postgresql==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus-ext-requests==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via keystoneauth1
oslo-config==9.7.0
oslo-config==9.7.0
    # via python-keystoneclient
oslo-i18n==6.5.0
oslo-i18n==6.5.0
    # via
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-serialization==5.6.0
oslo-serialization==5.6.0
    # via python-keystoneclient
oslo-utils==7.4.0
oslo-utils==7.4.0
    # via
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-keystoneclient
packaging==24.2
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   drf-yasg
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
paramiko==3.5.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   fabric
    #   scp
    #   sshtunnel
pbr==6.1.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   os-service-types
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   stevedore
pkginfo==1.12.0
    # via azure-cli-core
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via msal-extensions
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.0
protobuf==5.29.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.1.0
    # via
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   oslo-utils
    #   oslo-utils
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   opencensus-ext-postgresql
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygithub==1.59.1
    # via azure-cli
pygments==2.18.0
    # via knack
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   msal
    #   pygithub
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   paramiko
    #   pygithub
pyopenssl==24.3.0
    # via azure-cli-core
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via oslo-utils
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via datapunt-objectstore
python-keystoneclient==5.5.0
    # via datapunt-objectstore
python-swiftclient==4.6.0
    # via datapunt-objectstore
pytz==2024.2
    # via drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   datapunt-config-loader
    #   drf-yasg
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   datapunt-authorization-django
    #   google-api-core
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   msal
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via oslo-config
rpds-py==0.22.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   opencensus
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.2
sqlparse==0.5.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
sshtunnel==0.1.5
    # via azure-cli
stevedore==5.4.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-keystoneclient
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   knack
toolz==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-appconfiguration
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-mysqlflexibleservers
    #   azure-mgmt-postgresqlflexibleservers
    #   azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicelinker
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-monitor-query
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   jwcrypto
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   keystoneauth1
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-yasg
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   requests
websocket-client==1.3.3
    # via azure-cli
wrapt==1.17.0
    # via
    #   debtcollector
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
xmltodict==0.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-cli

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
setuptools==75.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-cli
